chore(core): try to parse a text/plain content-type response as json (#3430)
urql-graphql/urql: .changeset/silver-planets-sniff.md

---
'@urql/core': minor
---

> Try to parse no content-type as JSON because we are dealing with GraphQL

Author: ```suggestion
Try to parse `text/plain` content-type as JSON before bailing out with an error.
```
